README.md, before:

# 👩‍💻 prompt-app

Provides an interface for node apps. Comes with built-in services for managing jobs ("cronjobs") and encrypting sensitive environment data.

It's basically [prompts](https://github.com/terkelg/prompts) thrown at your service classes.

![prompt-app-example](./example.gif "prompt-app-example")

*Note: This is the result of a hackaton.*

## Install

```
npm install prompt-app // or
yarn install prompt-app
```

## Structure

See [example](./example) for details and run `yarn example`.

#### index.ts

```ts
import App from 'prompt-app'
import * as services from './services'

App({services});
```

#### services/*

```ts
export class Server {
	static description = 'Node.js Web Server';
	static color = 'red';

	/**
	 * Jobs are executed every job.interval and only if job.executable return true
	 * Rather than providing them as an object, they can be arrays as well:
	 * [Server.$flushCache, 30, (...) => ..., 'Description'] is equal to:
	 */
	static jobs: promptApp.Job[] = [{
		$: Server.$flushCache,
		interval: 30,
		executable: ({between}) => between(8, 22, true),
		description: 'Weekdays from 8 to 22'
	}];

	/**
	 * Receives the decrypted credentials (.env)
	 */
	static onCredentials(_credentials: any){
		// new Server(credentials);
	}

	/**
	 * Exposed Method
	 *
	 * By default, all methods starting with an upper-case character or with a dollar sign are exposed
	 * Use config.exposeMethod: (name) => boolean to change this
	 * The method name is mapped using config.mapMethodName ($flushCache => Flush Cache)
	 */
	static $flushCache({debug}: any){
		debug('Flushing Caches (not rly)...');
		return true;
	}
}
```

#### .env

A challenge can be created when providing `APP_PASSWORD` without `APP_CHALLENGE`.

```ts
APP_CHALLENGE=4f766d25fd5f7cdf1a8e98bc7907865cf6c76274d8a215549e121c26c48013713ab1102640e11d810a4d87c98b00c8772fc92edc1f0e507ca152834a0e1a01d790af2970c5855fb7c4bca766bfc7e1aad57995ae297bbab072979d073e496998c28e047ea71e6ea843d9
APP_PASSWORD=secret
APP_SERVER_CREDENTIALS=a514e5f926c4ddb1a412429f3ebc2adc1627d0db71eeca68df9ea2af6343aab89ec6e77d4c71f05f3b11ba97b50c873f36cd5778601c16d6c64e5b77176ba628095d86cdeec3fc35db91484274a237949c1a4635fd450db386272e1fd0b00940945ec06f6d461cf294bbb15f356e3cffcd152cd21e46f5a2bb4b72a59d6a08fa2f7c652a0d355853deedd2efd564
```

Generate service credentials by using the built in "Encrypt"-Tool.

> Warning: never provide `APP_PASSWORD` in any production environment.

### Thanks to
- [prompts](https://github.com/terkelg/prompts)
- every other dependency

Commit message:

Added warning when security features are disabled Added APP_CHALLENGE generator Improved Utilities.Encrypt & Utilities.Decrypt Provide `date` and `origin` in ActionArg Improved exposable service method detection Improved typings & scripts & docs

README.md, after:

# 👩‍💻 prompt-app

Provides an interface for node apps. Comes with built-in services for managing jobs ("cronjobs") and encrypting sensitive environment data.

It's basically [prompts](https://github.com/terkelg/prompts) thrown at your service classes.

![prompt-app-example](./example.gif "prompt-app-example")

*Note: This is the result of a hackaton.*

## Install

```
npm install prompt-app // or
yarn install prompt-app
```

## Structure

See [example](./example) for details and run `yarn example`.

#### index.ts

```ts
import App from 'prompt-app'
import * as services from './services'

App({services});
```

#### services/*

```ts
export class Server {
	static description = 'Node.js Web Server';
	static color = 'red';

	/**
	 * Jobs are executed every job.interval and only if job.executable return true
	 * Rather than providing them as an object, they can be arrays as well:
	 * [Server.$flushCache, 30, (...) => ..., 'Description'] is equal to:
	 */
	static jobs: promptApp.Job[] = [{
		$: Server.$flushCache,
		interval: 30,
		executable: ({between}) => between(8, 22, true),
		description: 'Weekdays from 8 to 22'
	}];

	/**
	 * Receives the decrypted credentials (.env)
	 */
	static onCredentials(_credentials: any){
		// new Server(credentials);
	}

	/**
	 * Exposed Method
	 *
	 * By default, all methods starting with an upper-case character or with a dollar sign are exposed
	 * Use config.exposeMethod: (name) => boolean to change this
	 * The method name is mapped using config.mapMethodName ($flushCache => Flush Cache)
	 */
	static $flushCache({debug}: any){
		debug('Flushing Caches (not rly)...');
		return true;
	}
}
```

#### .env

A challenge can be created on first run.

```ts
APP_CHALLENGE=4f766d25fd5f7cdf1a8e98bc7907865cf6c76274d8a215549e121c26c48013713ab1102640e11d810a4d87c98b00c8772fc92edc1f0e507ca152834a0e1a01d790af2970c5855fb7c4bca766bfc7e1aad57995ae297bbab072979d073e496998c28e047ea71e6ea843d9
APP_PASSWORD=secret
APP_SERVER_CREDENTIALS=a514e5f926c4ddb1a412429f3ebc2adc1627d0db71eeca68df9ea2af6343aab89ec6e77d4c71f05f3b11ba97b50c873f36cd5778601c16d6c64e5b77176ba628095d86cdeec3fc35db91484274a237949c1a4635fd450db386272e1fd0b00940945ec06f6d461cf294bbb15f356e3cffcd152cd21e46f5a2bb4b72a59d6a08fa2f7c652a0d355853deedd2efd564
```

Manage encrypted service credentials by using the built in "Encrypt"-Tool. Provide the encrypted strings in `APP_SERVICE-NAME_CREDENTIALS` to have them decrypted and handed over to `service.onCredentials(credentials)`.

> Warning: never provide `APP_PASSWORD` in any production environment.

### Thanks to
- [prompts](https://github.com/terkelg/prompts)
- every other dependency
